Add identity key support for PSA attestation (#8188)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/keys/identity_key_usage/README.rst

.. _hw_unique_key_usage:

Identity Key Usage
##################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> This sample shows how to use a previously written ientity key with psa_crypto APIs.

Reviewer: Should be fixed

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

.. include:: /includes/tfm.txt

Overview
********

To be filled in

Configuration
*************

|config|

FEM support
===========

.. include:: /includes/sample_fem_support.txt

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/keys/identity_key_usage`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

      1. |connect_terminal_specific|
      #. Reset the kit.
      #. Observe the following output:

         .. code-block:: console

             Success!

         If an error occurs, the sample prints a message and raises a kernel panic.

   If an error occurs, the sample prints a message and raises a kernel panic.

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following libraries:

* :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key`
* :ref:`nrf_security`

> * :ref:`Trusted Firmware-M <ug_tfm>`, when using a non-secure board.

Reviewer 2: Judging from what is put in platform_allow this is not possible.

Reviewer: True, I removed this.

.. _identity_key_usage:

Identity Key Usage
##################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This sample shows how to use a previously written identity key with the PSA crypto APIs.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview
********

> The identity key is an assymentric key of type secp256r1 which can be used for attestation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The identity key is an asymmetric key of type secp256r1 which can be used for attestation
```

Author: Fixed

services. The identity key requires the Master Key Encryption Key(MKEK) Hardware Unique Key(HUK)
to be written in the Key Management Unit(KMU). The sample uses the identity key, which also needs
to be already populated in the KMU.

The sample performs the following operations:

1. The Platform Security Architecture (PSA) API is initialized.

> #. Checks if the Identity key is written to the KMU.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. The identity key is verified to be in the KMU.
```

Reviewer 3: This sentence was using different language from all the other sentences.

#. The identity key is read from the KMU.
#. The identity key is imported to the PSA crypto keystore.
#. The public key is exported from the identity key.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/keys/identity_key_usage`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

      1. |connect_terminal_specific|
      #. Reset the kit.
      #. Observe the following output:

         .. code-block:: console

             Initializing PSA crypto.
             Reading the identity key.
             Importing the identity key into PSA crypto.
             Exporting the public key corresponding to the identity key.
             Success!

         If an error occurs, the sample prints a message and raises a kernel panic.

   If an error occurs, the sample prints a message and raises a kernel panic.

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following libraries:

> 

Reviewer 3: Isn't having pre-populated keys a dependency?

And how would I populate those? First flash the other sample?

Does the KMU survive between flashes?

.. _identity_key_usage:

> Identity Key Usage

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Identity key usage
```

##################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This sample shows how to use a previously written identity key with the PSA crypto APIs.

Requirements
************

The following development kits are supported:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

The :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library is required to generate the prerequisite Master Key Encryption Key (MKEK).
The :ref:`lib_identity_key` library is required to provision the identity key in KMU.
Both these operations can be done by running the :ref:`identity_key_generate` sample.

.. note::

>    Erase only the code pages when programming the device after the required identity key has been provisioned on the device, as ERASEALL removes the identity key from the system.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Erase the code pages when programming the device only after the required identity key has been provisioned on the device, as ERASEALL removes the identity key from the system.
```

Reviewer: Please check if you accept the previous suggestion and I can update both.

Overview
********

The identity key is an asymmetric key of type secp256r1 which can be used for attestation
services.

> This sample shows how to load the identity key into the PSA crypto keystore for usage

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This sample shows how to load the identity key into the PSA crypto keystore for usage.
```
